Dear Business person , We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing intelligence . This is a one time 
mailing there is no need to request removal if you 
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 , Title 3 , Section 309 . This 
is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich in 16 DAYS ! Have you 
ever noticed nobody is getting any younger and people 
love convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 180% plus process your orders within seconds 
! You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But 
don't believe us . Prof Jones of Illinois tried us 
and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" . This 
offer is 100% legal ! For the sake of your family order 
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
40% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of our 
offer . Dear Decision maker ; We know you are interested 
in receiving hot intelligence ! We will comply with 
all removal requests ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 1619 , Title 9 , Section 308 ! This 
is not a get rich scheme . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich inside 32 days ! Have you 
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it and more people than ever are surfing 
the web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep & deliver goods right to the customer's 
doorstep . The best thing about our system is that 
it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't believe 
us ! Mrs Simpson who resides in Florida tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We assure you that we operate within all applicable 
laws . Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 30% . Cheers 
. Dear Friend ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you ! This is a one time mailing there 
is no need to request removal if you won't want any 
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 2716 ; Title 4 ; Section 306 ! THIS IS NOT A GET 
RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can 
become rich inside 17 weeks ! Have you ever noticed 
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on 
in it & how long the line-ups are at bank machines 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU increase customer response by 160% 
& deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't 
believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in West Virginia 
tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more things are 
possible" ! This offer is 100% legal . Do not go to 
sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 90% . God Bless . 